doc(release): add release note for centreon-collect-22.04.1 (#1784)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-22.04/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Collect

### 22.04.1

> Release date: ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release date: `August 30, 2022`
```

### Centreon Engine

##### Features

- Enable recheck for Anomaly Detection services

##### Improvements

- Improve security of the gRPC API by listening on 127.0.0.1 by default

##### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue that made the name of the resources disappear from Resources Status when linked to a severity or a category (it came back once centengine was restarted)
- Fixed an issue with the way escaped special characters were managed (eg. `\n`)

### Centreon Broker

##### Improvements

- Improve security of the gRPC API by listening on 127.0.0.1 by default

##### Bug fixes

- Fixed broker compression 
- Fixed an issue that caused the RRD rebuild mechanism to fail

> - Fixed an issue that caused BAM Business activities with “Ignore the indicator in the calculation” as planned downtime calculation method to stop ignoring downtimed KPIs when they had overlapping downtimes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with BAM Business activities with “Ignore the indicator in the calculation” as planned downtime calculation method. They stopped ignoring downtimed KPIs when they had overlapping downtimes
```
